document-translation (#325)
fluid-cloudnative/fluid: docs/en/samples/nonroot_access.md

## Running Example
   
**Create a non-root user**
```
$ groupadd -g 1201 fluid-user-1 && \
useradd -u 1201 -g fluid-user-1 fluid-user-1
```
The above command creates a non-root user`fluid-user-1`

**Create a directory that belongs to the user**
```
$ mkdir -p /mnt/nonroot/user1_data && \
echo "This is fluid-user-1's data" > /mnt/nonroot/user1_data/data1 && \
chown -R fluid-user-1:fluid-user-1 /mnt/nonroot/user1_data && \
chmod -R 0750 /mnt/nonroot/user1_data
```

> The above command creates a directory `user1_data` belonging to `fluid-user-1` in the `/mnt/nonroot` directory, We will use the `data1` file in the `user1_data` directory to simulate the data dedicated to `fluid-user-1`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above command creates a directory `user1_data` belonging to `fluid-user-1` in the `/mnt/nonroot` directory, We will use the `data1` file in the `user1_data` directory to represent the data owned by `fluid-user-1`
```
I think "represent" and  "owned by" may be better

Author: I think your suggestion is great，I will commit your suggestion.
